Update how-to-view-save-and-configure-build-log-files.md (#2957)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/ide/how-to-view-save-and-configure-build-log-files.md

---
# How to: View, save, and configure build log files

After you build a project in the Visual Studio IDE, you can view information about that build in the **Output** window. By using this information, you can, for example, troubleshoot a build failure. 

  - For C++ projects, you can also view the same information in a *.txt* file that's created and saved automatically. 

>   - For managed-code projects, you can click in the build output window, press **CTRL-S**, and Visual Studio will prompt you for a location to save the information from the **Output** window into a *.txt* file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For managed code projects, you can click in the build output window and press **Ctrl**+**S**. Visual Studio prompts you for a location to save the information from the **Output** window into a *.txt* file. 
```

1.  On the menu bar, choose **Build** > **Build Solution**.

2.  In the **Output** window, click somewhere in the text.

> 3.  Press **CTRL-S** (Visual Studio will prompt you for a location to save the build output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Press **Ctrl**+**S**.

   Visual Studio prompts you for a location to save the build output.
```
